Created a general Meetings page & a 2020 Bryn Mawr Meetings page (#35)
PlasmaPy/plasmapy.github.io: web/pages/meetings/1st_workshop_2020_at_bryn_mawr/index.md

> title:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 1st PlasmaPy Workshop
```

Author: I purposely left this meta field blank.  I don't like the heading it creates and the heading provides no functionality anyways.

I have the page heading as the top-level markdown heading.

author: Erik T. Everson

# 1st PlasmaPy Workshop
#### April 20-22, 2020
#### Bryn Mawr College, Pennsylvania
<br/>
[Overview](#Overview)<br/>
[Agenda](#Agenda)<br/>
[Registration]()<br/>
[Travel & Housing](#Travel-Housing)<br/>
[Travel Funding for Students](#Travel-Funding-for-Students)<br/>
[Web Participation](#Web-Participation)<br/>
[Support & Acknowledgements](#Support-Ack)

### <a name="Overview"></a> Overview

> PlasmaPy's first mini-conference.  The conference is setup as a 3 day meeting for 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PlasmaPy's first collaboration meeting.  The conference is set up as a 3 day meeting for 
```

PlasmaPy developers and the PlasmaPy community. The first day (4/20) is 
designated for the PlasmaPy Development Team and the remaining two days (4/21-4/22) are 
designed for community interaction.  Goals of the meeting are to (1) further develop
PlasmaPy's roadmap, (2) inform the broader PlasmaPy community of PlasmaPy's objectives 
and direction, (3) demonstrate PlasmaPy's capabilities to the community, and 

> (4) receive valuable feedback from the community.<br/><br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
designated for the PlasmaPy Team to discuss the nuts and bolts of code development
while the remaining two days (4/21-4/22) are designed for community interaction.  
The goals of the meeting are to (1) further develop PlasmaPy's roadmap, 
(2) inform the broader community of PlasmaPy's objectives and direction, 
(3) demonstrate PlasmaPy's capabilities, and (4) receive valuable feedback from 
the community.<br/><br/>
```

### <a name="Agenda"></a> Agenda

---
**NOTE**

As the meeting approaches, please check the agenda for updates.  As presentation material

> becomes available we will post links for slides and such.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
becomes available we will post links for slides and additional information.
```

___

_**Day 1 - April 20, 2020**_

Day 1 is intended for the PlasmaPy committee and internal topics.  Attendees will be
restricted to the PlasmaPy committee and developers.  We'll address topics related to 
package development, community outreach, and education.

| Time | Section | Title | Speaker/Leader |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 08:30 - 09:00 | 0  | **ARRIVAL & COFFEE** |  |
| 09:00 - 09:15 | 1  | Welcome: Introduction & Overview |  |
| 09:15 - 09:35 | 2  | Roadmap: Overview & Current Projections |  |

> | 09:35 - 10:35 | 3  | Roadmap: Formulary Development |  |

Reviewer: I don't think we'll need as much time for formulary development as for simulations and experiments.

Author: Oh yeah, I originally had 1 hr for every roadmap session and, I guess, this one was missed when I changed to 45 min sessions.

Author: Looks like we get a slightly longer lunch. I don't have a problem with that!😁

| 14:30 - 14:50 | 9  | Demo - #2 |  |
| 14:50 - 15:05 |    | **COFFEE BREAK** |  |
| 15:05 - 15:25 | 10 | Demo - #3 |  |
| 15:25 - 17:00 | 11 | Community Discussion |  |
|               |    | **ADJOURN** |  |

---
_**Day 3 - April 22, 2020**_

Day 3 is a workshop day to provide hands-on experience with PlasmaPy and one-on-one 
community interaction.  In the morning session we will provide a few mini 
example projects to highlight PlasmaPy's features.  The afternoon session will
be an open session where users can interact directly with the PlasmaPy team, asking
an relevant questions, getting help on existing projects, etc.

| Time | Section | Title | Speaker/Leader |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 08:30 - 09:00 | 0  | **ARRIVAL & COFFEE** |  |
| 09:00 - 12:00 | 1  | Workshop: Examples Projects |  |
| 12:00 - 13:30 |    | **LUNCH BREAK** |  |
| 13:30 - 16:00 | 4  | Open Session |  |
|               |    | **ADJOURN** |  |

<br/>

### <a name="Travel-Housing"></a> Travel & Housing

---
**NOTE**

Due to the ongoing development of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19), travel restrictions
may be in place when this workshop occurs.  If this is the case, we will still proceed 

> with the workshop via a [web-cast](#Web-Participation).

Reviewer: Here we should recommend strongly against purchasing nonrefundable plane tickets.
